# hello-world
My very first repository in GitHub
My name is Praveen, and I am 17 years old as of now, turning 18 on August 10. I live in Singapore and I'm a student who has finished high school and will be serving the military from 2020 to 2022. Afterwards I will be going off to college. 

Right now I've been taking CS50x's course on edX, which is the CS50: Introduction to Computer Science course, so I have quite a good experience with programming right now, as I have completed 6 weeks into the course and I'm left with only 2 more lectures, their problem sets, and the final project, and can't wait to get to that stage! It has been such a great experience taking this CS50 course because it has taught me so many things, and concepts in the world of computing of course, for instance, things like 'abstraction', 'recursion', 'thinking logically' and stuff like that. At first I thought this course was going to teach us C, and then Python, and then that's it, but then what's really happening under the hood, is that this course is teaching us how to learn a programming language and code in that language, and what are the most important things to consider in a programming language. For example, if I take a programming language like Java, or C ++, the first step to learning how to code is first learning print statements (I guess), and then how to use variables, commmon loops, implement data structures, and so on! This is my take from the course and what David J Malan has said from all his lectures and CS50 office hours, so I hope I'm right about what's really under the hood, but if its really one thing that you always need to conquer a programming language its the documentation, which has everything you need to know in it.

In fact, this course is what led me to the creation of my first GitHub repository, because a GitHub account is necessary for submitting all the code that I do in the problem sets of the course, and at that time, I just created a GitHub account out of the blue and didn't know what exactly GitHub was and how to use it. As time passed, as in weeks, I started wondering more about GitHub and how to use it, so here I am, after having finished Week 6 of CS50x course, learning how to use GitHub, creating my very first repository just minutes ago, and going to commit a change to this file right now!!
